c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.Providers.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Owin.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\obj\Debug\MvcApplication36.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\obj\Debug\MvcApplication36.dll
c:\users\alexfriedman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\obj\Debug\MvcApplication36.pdb
C:\Users\alexfriedman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\MvcApplication36.dll.config
C:\Users\alexfriedman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\MvcApplication36.dll
C:\Users\alexfriedman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\MvcApplication36\MvcApplication36\bin\MvcApplication36.pdb
